# pnyx
Pnyx is a blockchain-based token for direct democracy.

The proxy-party is controlled by its members via an app and offers them direct political participationin a secure manner. The voting process is transparent and all activities are secured by blockchaintechnology. At the same time, data protection is ensured, because all activities are stored withoutreference to underlying identity. Before every formal vote (in parliament), a pre-vote is performed bythe party members. Representatives are required to follow the results of the pre-vote and also documenttheir voting behavior. There is no overarching party program in which initiatives have to fitconsistently. Therefore subsidiarity is maximized and each proposal stands for itself. The voters do notchoose the proxy party primarily because of their current programmatic goals, but for the fact that theiropinion and voice have weight in the party.The proxy-party rewards the work of its members through mechanisms that are anchored in theblockchain network. The rewarding and inciting of participation is achieved through an internalcurrency. This currency is tradable on an exchange and the party uses a large portion of its income tobuy it back from the users. As a consequence, a large part of the party's assets are managedtransparently on the blockchain. The leitmotifs of the proxy-party are: security, transparency, dataprotection, equality, openness, subsidiarity, rewarded participation and simplicity.

more:
https://www.dropbox.com/s/1z33cn1r7r89mzv/Skizze_Schwarmtool_eng.pdf?dl=0
